feat(eslint-plugin-fiori-tools): add DataFieldForIntentBasedNavigation XML annotation rule (#4261)
SAP/open-ux-tools: packages/eslint-plugin-fiori-tools/docs/rules/sap-no-data-field-intent-based-navigation.md

# Ensure Neither DataFieldForIntentBasedNavigation nor DataFieldWithIntentBasedNavigation are Used in Tables or Form Fields in SAP Fiori Elements for OData V2 and V4 non-CAP Applications (`sap-no-data-field-intent-based-navigation`)

## Rule Details

### Why Was This Rule Introduced?

> Two annotations: `UI.DataFieldForIntentBasedNavigation` or `UI.DataFieldWithIntentBasedNavigation` should not be used in tables and and form fields because they contain hard coded Fiori apps. A semantic object navigation shall be offered only via the Smart Link / Semantic Link control, so it should be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `UI.DataFieldForIntentBasedNavigation` or `UI.DataFieldWithIntentBasedNavigation` inside tables or form fields hard‑codes a specific semantic object and action pair and bypasses SAP Fiori launchpad intent resolution. This blocks role‑aware, multi‑target navigation, and the Smart Link popover experience. Instead, annotate the field with `Common.SemanticObject` so SAP Fiori elements renders a smart link that SAP Fiori launchpad resolves at runtime.
```

            <PropertyValue Property="SemanticObject" String="test"/>
        </Record>
        <Record Type="UI.DataFieldWithIntentBasedNavigation">
            <PropertyValue Property="Value" Bool="false" />
            <PropertyValue Property="SemanticObject" String="" />
        </Record>
    </Collection>
</Annotation>
```

#### Incorrect UI.FieldGroup Annotation using UI.DataFieldForIntentBasedNavigation and UI.DataFieldWithIntentBasedNavigation

```xml
<Annotation Term="UI.FieldGroup" Qualifier="test">
    <Record Type="UI.FieldGroupType">
        <PropertyValue Property="Data">
            <Collection>
                <Record Type="UI.DataFieldForIntentBasedNavigation">
                    <PropertyValue Property="SemanticObject" String="test" />
                    <PropertyValue Property="Action" String="toappnavsample" />
                </Record>
                <Record Type="UI.DataFieldWithIntentBasedNavigation">
                    <PropertyValue Property="Value" Int="1" />
                    <PropertyValue Property="SemanticObject" String="" />
                </Record>
            </Collection>
        </PropertyValue>
    </Record>
</Annotation>
```

> #### Correct: Semantic Link (Smart Link) Navigation is Used

Author: Same question about "or" as above.
